bpo-41306: Allow scale value to not be rounded (#21715)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2020-08-03-13-44-37.bpo-41306.VDoWXI.rst

> Fixed test_tk.test_widgets.ScaleTest failure on Tk 8.6.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a failure in ``test_tk.test_widgets.ScaleTest`` happening when executing the test with Tk 8.6.10.
```
